Brother Zhou, do you think he heard us talking about him that day?
Said he promoted women. What do you think?
impossible. Brother Zhou,
If you really care about him. Just talk to him carefully,
He is soft-hearted and likes you so much.
You tell him nicely and he cares about you.
I like my people a lot, what's so special about him?
He even asked me to beg him. Ask him to return to the company.
How important he is to the company. Yeah?
Have you seen how many people come to the company for interviews every day?
Did you drink too much? You are just like them,
I feel that Louruan is special to me.
I’ll make an appointment with Uncle Bai tomorrow
Master, Miss Lou today